doc/ci/README.md, before:

## GitLab CI Documentation

### CI User documentation

- [Get started with GitLab CI](quick_start/README.md)
- [CI examples for various languages](examples/README.md)
- [Learn how to enable or disable GitLab CI](enable_or_disable_ci.md)
- [Pipelines and builds](pipelines.md)
- [Environments and deployments](environments.md)
- [Learn how `.gitlab-ci.yml` works](yaml/README.md)
- [Configure a Runner, the application that runs your builds](runners/README.md)
- [Use Docker images with GitLab Runner](docker/using_docker_images.md)
- [Use CI to build Docker images](docker/using_docker_build.md)
- [Use variables in your `.gitlab-ci.yml`](variables/README.md)
- [Use SSH keys in your build environment](ssh_keys/README.md)
- [Trigger builds through the API](triggers/README.md)
- [Build artifacts](../user/project/builds/artifacts.md)
- [User permissions](../user/permissions.md#gitlab-ci)
- [Build permissions](../user/permissions.md#builds-permissions)
- [Access dependent projects](dependent_projects/README.md)
- [API](../api/ci/README.md)
- [CI services (linked docker containers)](services/README.md)
- [**New CI build permissions model**](../user/project/new_ci_build_permissions_model.md)

Commit message:

Add a small description mentioning submodules/LFS

doc/ci/README.md, after:

## GitLab CI Documentation

### CI User documentation

- [Get started with GitLab CI](quick_start/README.md)
- [CI examples for various languages](examples/README.md)
- [Learn how to enable or disable GitLab CI](enable_or_disable_ci.md)
- [Pipelines and builds](pipelines.md)
- [Environments and deployments](environments.md)
- [Learn how `.gitlab-ci.yml` works](yaml/README.md)
- [Configure a Runner, the application that runs your builds](runners/README.md)
- [Use Docker images with GitLab Runner](docker/using_docker_images.md)
- [Use CI to build Docker images](docker/using_docker_build.md)
- [Use variables in your `.gitlab-ci.yml`](variables/README.md)
- [Use SSH keys in your build environment](ssh_keys/README.md)
- [Trigger builds through the API](triggers/README.md)
- [Build artifacts](../user/project/builds/artifacts.md)
- [User permissions](../user/permissions.md#gitlab-ci)
- [Build permissions](../user/permissions.md#builds-permissions)
- [API](../api/ci/README.md)
- [CI services (linked docker containers)](services/README.md)
- [**New CI build permissions model**](../user/project/new_ci_build_permissions_model.md) Read about what changed in GitLab 8.12 and how that affects your builds. There's a new way to access your submodules and LFS objects in builds.
